COVID Dashboard Demo (#584)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/knowledge_base/demos/covid_dashboard.md

Reviewer: We should have the link to the app somewhere.

> Access to real-time data and insights has become crucial in a world profoundly affected by the 
> COVID-19 pandemic. Enter our COVID-19 Dashboard, a multi-page application that demonstrates the 
> synergy between Taipy. In this demo, we will take you on a tour of this powerful dashboard, 
> showcasing its ability to visualize COVID-19 data and even predict future trends.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Access to real-time data and insights has become vital in a world profoundly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Introducing our COVID-19 Dashboard, a multi-page application that illustrates the synergy between Taipy. 
In this demonstration, we'll guide you through this robust dashboard, highlighting its capacity 
to visualize COVID-19 data and even forecast future trends.
```

# Exploring the COVID-19 Dashboard

> Our COVID-19 Dashboard is designed to provide a minimalist yet comprehensive view of COVID-19 
> data for the year 2020. Here are some of the key features and functionalities:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our COVID-19 Dashboard is created to give a simple but complete look at COVID-19 information for the year 2020. 
Here are some of the important things it can do:
```

## 1. **Country Page**

> The Country page offers detailed statistics on a specific country's COVID-19 data. Users can 
> easily change the selected country and toggle between displaying data cumulatively or in density 
> form. The interactive line chart on this page allows users to visualize the data dynamically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Country page provides detailed statistics about COVID-19 in a particular country. Users can easily pick 
a different country and switch between showing data cumulatively or in density form. 
There's also an interactive line chart on this page that helps users see the data in a dynamic way.
```

## 2. **Pie Chart Representation**

A pie chart showcases the distribution of COVID-19 cases among Confirmed, Recovered, and Deaths, 
offering a clear and intuitive way to understand the data.

## 3. **Interactive Map**

> The Map page offers an engaging way to explore COVID-19 data. Colors and sizes on the map are 
> dynamically adjusted based on the number of deaths in each location, providing a visual 
> representation of the pandemic's impact across regions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Map page presents an interesting way to examine COVID-19 data. The colors and sizes on the map change 
dynamically depending on the number of deaths in each place, showing a visual representation 
of how the pandemic has affected different areas.
```

## 4. **Predictions**

> The Predictions page empowers users to create scenarios for predicting future COVID-19 data. By 
> specifying a scenario name and prediction date, users can generate predictions for a particular 
> country. The dashboard keeps a record of all scenarios, making it easy to review and compare 
> predictions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Predictions page allows users to make predictions about future COVID-19 data. Users can do this by naming 
their scenario and choosing a date for their prediction. This prediction is then made for a specific country. 
The dashboard keeps a record of all these scenarios, making it simple for users to look at 
and compare their predictions.
```

## 5. **World Page**

> The World page presents global COVID-19 statistics through line charts and pie charts. Users can 
> switch between viewing absolute numbers or the relative impact of COVID-19 on different 
> countries, offering a comprehensive overview of the pandemic's worldwide reach.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The World page displays global COVID-19 statistics using line charts and pie charts. 
Users can switch between seeing the exact numbers or how COVID-19 has affected different countries 
relative to each other, giving a complete picture of the pandemic's worldwide extent.
```

# Conclusion

> Our COVID-19 Dashboard is a testament to Taipy's front-end and back-end power in building 
> informative and interactive applications. In a world where data-driven insights are more 
> critical than ever, this dashboard provides a valuable tool for visualizing and predicting 
> COVID-19 trends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our COVID-19 Dashboard is a testament to Taipy's power in building applications using front-end
capabilities for informative and interactive data visualization and back-end capabilities for
smart scenario computation. In a world where data-driven insights are more critical than ever,
this dashboard provides a valuable tool for visualizing and predicting COVID-19 trends.
```

> Explore the dashboard, try out different scenarios, and gain insights into the global impact of 
> the pandemic. Taipy Core and Taipy GUI have seamlessly come together to create a versatile and 
> user-friendly application that can assist individuals and organizations in making informed 
> decisions during these challenging times.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Take some time to explore the dashboard, experiment with various scenarios, and get a better understanding 
of the pandemic's global effects. The combination of Taipy Core and Taipy GUI has smoothly produced 
a versatile and user-friendly application that can help individuals and organizations make informed choices 
during these difficult times.
```
